There's a couple of things I don't like about this implementation.
First of all, we have these statements here and we have this assignment clause.
And I really feel that this is an unnecessary step that is not required.
Now, with that said, we could also optimize out of this to be a separate function.
And so let's go ahead and figure out how to do that.
So first off, these temporary placeholders we're going to leave in place for now.
But what I want to do is I want to create an object called Tab Icon, and this object is going to have
two properties.
First of all, the key is going to be the name of the root.
So this is equal to the name of any root that we define.
And then second of all, the value is going to be the actual icon name that we're going to reference.
So then we have map and then we have Mudie Map and then we have settings.
And that's going to be M.D. settings, and this is a small optimization that we're doing here just to
get rid of some logic, then we're going to define a function called CONSED Screen options, and that's
going to again, have the root.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to open the function body.
And we're going to take this logic.
We know that it's going to return an object and that object is going to be Tabbaa icon and then we're
going to define const Tabbaa icon as a function.
And that's going to return.
A eye on icons, so we know that this is going to happen.
Right.
So with well, let me just remove that very real quick so we know that this is going to happen, but
there's a couple of issues here.
OK, so first off, let's remove everything in between here and let's say that this one is screen options.
So this is going to reference our function over here.
Now, our function over here has the name.
Right, and the right name is important for us to determine which icon we're going to get.
So first off, let's simplify this, right?
Let's say that const ikon is equal to and then we know that our tab icon.
Has the key that is equal to the root name, so root that name.
OK, so knowing that we know now which icon we want to pick, but we need this icon and we'll call it
icon mean, we need this icon name to be given to.
Dysfunction over here.
Now we know that dysfunction is going to return on icons.
So let's simplify this.
We know that this is a function that has.
Size and color has properties on this function.
These are two properties on this function, so we know that.
So if we were to write it like this, what we now know is that.
Icon name is available in this function, so we know now by doing this that we have the right icon.
So this code already works and this is completely fine, but if we wanted to optimize it even further,
we could say that this was a function that returns a function and takes in icon name as the property.
And has that.
As a further simplification, so we could, for instance, do this and we can say Tabbaa icon is tab
bar icon, icon name, and that would also do it for us.
And so this is another way of writing that function.
I think that the previous week we wrote it right this way.
Is way more appealing, so let's not overindulge in splitting things out, but I feel like creating
the screen options this way.
And so let's name this function, create screen options.
And screen options is equal to create screen options, and we know that this one is going to be creating
the entirety of the tree.
So we've optimized away the statements here by introducing this object that has the key of the root
and the name of the icon, and by doing this, we now can easily reference correctly each and every
individual icon that we need based on the root.
And our app still works, but we got rid of some if logic, and so that's absolutely amazing because
we've simplified our code even further.